FAQ:DNS for feature environments (#449)
cloudposse/docs: content/faq/dns-feature-environments.md

---

> title: "How will DNS be managed?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "How is DNS managed for short-lived environments?"
```

> description: "The external-dns controller manages the DNS for PRs."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "The `external-dns` controller automatically setups DNS records for these environments."
```

tags:
- DNS
- feature environments

> - PRs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- unlimited-staging
```

- AWS
---

## Question

> How will DNS be managed for feature/PR environments?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How will DNS be managed for short-lived environments (e.g. for feature branches and Pull Requests)?
```

## Answer

> The `external-dns` controller manages the DNS for PRs. It supports AWS and GKE environments. Wildcard DNS is sometimes used instead. That’s also cool, but less dynamic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `external-dns` controller manages the DNS for PRs. It supports AWS and GKE environments. Wildcard DNS records pointed at the Ingress Load Balancer can be used in place of `external-dns`, but that is less flexible.
```
